Added correlation_plot in vignette (#13)
DSCI-310/DSCI-310-Group-11-package: vignettes/project_package-vignette.Rmd

-   **dropping a single column "mpg" from mtcars**

```{r data_cleaning1, warning = FALSE, error = FALSE}
head(data_cleaning(data, "mpg"))
```

As you can see above, the column mpg has been dropped from the data frame.

-   **dropping multiple columns from mtcars**

```{r data_cleaning2, warning = FALSE, error = FALSE}
head(data_cleaning(data, c("mpg","disp","qsec")))
```

Again, columns mpg, disp and qsec has been dropped.

-   **When an inappropriate column name is inputted, an error will occur.**

For instance, if I accidentally used the wrong column name mpf instead of mpg. The function will kindly produce an error.

data_cleaning(data, "mpf") will produce the following message: *"Error in data_cleaning(data, "mpf") : column name does not exist in the data frame"*

## 2. Creating a ggpairs correlation plot
Often times visualizations are needed to better understand the raw/modified data. Data visualization helps in the breakdown of complex problems by transforming data into a more understandable format and showing trends and outliers. A good visualization tells a story by reducing noise from data and emphasizing the most important facts. 

> This analysis compares the correlation matrix between the desired pair of variables. The `correlation_graph()` function does that for us. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We know that `GGally`'s `ggpairs()` function can create a correlation matrix for us, however, the plot can be hard to read if there is a lot of data. Additionally, the plot can look a bit boring -- lacking colour. The `correlation_graph()` function solves those problems for us. 
```
